Youjia Ming just heard it
Ye Yan keeps saying that this medicine is where he is
Both poison
How can I transfer it?
Why help
Cheat and then go
You are so brave, you stinky beggar
You don't want your face, dad
Didn't you hear Ye Yan's housewife just now?
Family Master Liu is obviously biased towards zombies
We can't save ourselves for disaster
Housewife leaf inflammation
I think this is your way to provoke
Hey, that's right.
What else do you say about life and death?
Oops, it's useless to give you a chance
Who says it can't be saved?
Mr. Ye, the head of Liu's hometown, his pulse has already been severely punished
How to treat this simple
Life and Death Book
Just improve the pen.
You really don't die, do you?
Take a broken book and be a gold medal here
I'll tell your grandfather
Today, Master Liu's whenever there are three long and two short
Just go in and step on the sewing machine for me
Hey, hey, I've put up with you for a long time
Don't dig the river with me here
Be careful, I'll deduct your life.
Deduct my life
Okay, if you can save Mr. Liu today
I believe you have this ability
Or our horse is tied up
If I'm still alive
What about you and this trash?
Just a little bit left